add docs to auth resource access pattern (#7032)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/gen2/build-a-backend/auth/admin-actions/index.mdx

}

<Callout warning>

**Under active development:** The Authentication experience for Amplify (Gen 2) is under active development. The experience may change between versions of `@aws-amplify/backend`. Try it out and provide feedback at https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-backend/issues/new/choose

</Callout>

### Grant function access

> You can grant your backend function access to authentication resources, which will enable it to execute queries and operations against users and groups in your Cognito user pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can grant your backend function access to authentication resources, which will enable the function to perform administrative operations such as creating users, handling user password recovery or adding users to groups.
```

> You can grant your backend function access to authentication resources, which will enable the function to perform administrative operations such as creating users, handling user password recovery or adding users to groups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can grant your backend function access to authentication resources, which will enable the function to perform administrative operations such as creating users, handling user password recovery, or adding users to groups.
```

```ts title="amplify/auth/resource.ts"
import { defineAuth, defineFunction } from '@aws-amplify/backend';

const demoFunction = defineFunction({});

export const auth = defineAuth({
  name: 'myProjectFiles',
  loginWith: { email: true },
  access: (allow) => ([
    allow.resource(demoFunction).to(['manageUsers']),
  ])
});
```

> This will grant the backend function, `demoFunction` ability to query users and updates to user in the Cognito user pool. See below for detailed list of permissions it grants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will grant `demoFunction` the ability to perform CRUD operations on users in the Cogntio UserPool created as part of `defineAuth`. See below for the detailed list of permissions.
```

> When a backend function is granted access to authentication resources, it also receives an environment variable that contains the userpool ID. This environment variable can be used in the function to make SDK calls to the user pool. The environment variable is named `amplifyAuth_USERPOOL_ID`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a backend function is granted access to authentication resources, it also receives an environment variable that contains the UserPool ID. This environment variable can be used in the function to make SDK calls to the UserPool. The environment variable is named `amplifyAuth_USERPOOL_ID`
```

Reviewer: Also, add a small example of a lambda handler that uses the SDK

[Learn more about function resource access environment variables](../functions/#resource-access)

### List of actions

> |Action Name|Description|Granted Cognito Actions|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Action Name|Description|Cognito IAM Actions|
```

|-|-|-|

> |manageUsers | grants permission query and update users in userpool | <ul><li>cognito-idp:AdminConfirmSignUp</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminCreateUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminDeleteUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminDeleteUserAttributes</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminDisableUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminEnableUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminGetUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminListGroupsForUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminRespondToAuthChallenge</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminSetUserMFAPreference</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminSetUserSettings</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminUpdateUserAttributes</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminUserGlobalSignOut</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|manageUsers | Grants CRUD access to users in the UserPool | <ul><li>cognito-idp:AdminConfirmSignUp</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminCreateUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminDeleteUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminDeleteUserAttributes</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminDisableUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminEnableUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminGetUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminListGroupsForUser</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminRespondToAuthChallenge</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminSetUserMFAPreference</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminSetUserSettings</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminUpdateUserAttributes</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminUserGlobalSignOut</li></ul>|
```

> |manageGroupMembership | grants permission to add and remove users from groups | <ul><li>cognito-idp:AdminAddUserToGroup</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminRemoveUserFromGroup</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|manageGroupMembership | Grants permission to add and remove users from groups | <ul><li>cognito-idp:AdminAddUserToGroup</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminRemoveUserFromGroup</li></ul>|
```
Capitalize the first character of the description for all of the rows

> |manageUserDevices | grants permission device registered to users| <ul><li>cognito-idp:AdminForgetDevice</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminGetDevice</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminListDevices</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminUpdateDeviceStatus</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|manageUserDevices | Manage devices that are registered to users | <ul><li>cognito-idp:AdminForgetDevice</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminGetDevice</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminListDevices</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminUpdateDeviceStatus</li></ul>|
```

> |managePasswordRecovery | grants permission user password recovery options | <ul><li>cognito-idp:AdminResetUserPassword</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminSetUserPassword</li></ul>| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|managePasswordRecovery | Grants permission to reset user passwords | <ul><li>cognito-idp:AdminResetUserPassword</li><li>cognito-idp:AdminSetUserPassword</li></ul>| 
```
